[charts] Use `<circle />` instead of `<path />` for line marks by default (#15220)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/line-demo/line-demo.md

- The second one is clipped to show predictions (from the limit to the right of the chart) with dash styling.

{{"demo": "LineWithPrediction.js"}}

## CustomeLineMarks

> Notice that using another shape than "circle" will render a `<path />` instead of the `<circle />` for mark elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that using another shape than "circle" renders a `<path />` instead of the `<circle />` for mark elements.
```

This modification implies a small drop of rendering performances (around +50ms to render 1.000 marks).

> {{"demo": "CustomeLineMarks.js"}}

Reviewer: `Custome` should be `Custom`
